2D bounds - simple version (#370)
xarray-contrib/cf-xarray: doc/bounds.md

1. {py:func}`Dataset.cf.add_bounds`,
1. {py:func}`cf_xarray.bounds_to_vertices`,
1. {py:func}`cf_xarray.vertices_to_bounds`

> `cf_xarray` supports finding [coordinate bounds](http://cfconventions.org/Data/cf-conventions/cf-conventions-1.10/cf-conventions.html#cell-boundaries) as encoded in the CF `bounds` attribute. A useful feature for incomplete dataset is also the automatic bounds estimation possible through `cf.add_bounds`. This method will estimate the missing bounds by finding the middle points between elements of the given coordinate, but also by extrapolating to find the outer bounds of the grid. This linear estimation works well with rectilinear grids, but it is only a coarse approximation for curvilinear and simple irregular grids.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cf_xarray` supports approximately estimating [coordinate bounds](http://cfconventions.org/Data/cf-conventions/cf-conventions-1.10/cf-conventions.html#cell-boundaries) as encoded in the CF `bounds` attribute. A useful feature for incomplete dataset is also the automatic bounds estimation possible through `cf.add_bounds`. This method will estimate the missing bounds by finding the middle points between elements of the given coordinate, but also by extrapolating to find the outer bounds of the grid. This linear estimation works well with rectilinear grids, but it is only a coarse approximation for curvilinear and simple irregular grids.
```

Author: I meant that "finding" to be about `cf.get_bounds`. How's "parsing" ?

> As an example, we took a "rotated pole" grid. It is defined on a rotated rectilinear grid which uses the `rlat` and  `rlon` 1D coordinates, over North America at a resolution of 0.44°. The datasets comes with 2D `lat` and `lon` coordinates. `cf_xarray` will estimate the bounds by linear interpolation (and extrapolation at the edges) of the existing `lon` and `lat`, which will yield good results on parts of the grid where the rotation is small, but the errors goes up in other places, as shown on the next figure which plots the distance (in lat-lon degrees) between the estimated bounds and the real ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, we present a "rotated pole" grid. It is defined on a rotated rectilinear grid which uses the `rlat` and  `rlon` 1D coordinates, over North America at a resolution of 0.44°. The datasets comes with 2D `lat` and `lon` coordinates. `cf_xarray` will estimate the bounds by linear interpolation (extrapolation at the edges) of the existing `lon` and `lat`, which yields good results on parts of the grid where the rotation is small. However the errors is larger in other places, as seen when visualizing the distance in degrees between the estimated bounds and the true bounds.
```
